Added a note (#629)
MicrosoftDocs/microsoft-365-docs: microsoft-365/compliance/prevent-email-from-being-marked-as-spam.md

If you get a false positive, you should report the message to Microsoft by using the [Use the Report Message add-in](https://support.office.com/article/b5caa9f1-cdf3-4443-af8c-ff724ea719d2). Additionally, you can submit the message using [Submissions Explorer](/security/office-365-security/admin-submission.md).

> [!NOTE]

> > Anyother fields in header that are not mentioned below are exclusively used by the Microsoft anti-spam team for diagnostic purposes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Any other fields in the header that are not mentioned below are exclusively used by the Microsoft anti-spam team for diagnostic purposes.
```
